first commit (#1)
oda-hub/renku-aqs-annotation: README.md

# renku-oda-annotation

This renku plugin provides the following functionalities:

> * Generate astroquery specific annotations by intercepting the call to the following functions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Generate annotations describing access to astronomical archives and services by intercepting any call to the following methods of `astroquery` classes :
```

  * query_object
  * get_images
  * query_region

> * CLI `inspect` to analyze input notebooks and extract a set of metadata to be visualized over the knowledge graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* CLI `inspect` to analyze data analysis notebooks and extract a set of metadata and record it in the local knowledge graph.
```
